README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<img width="700px" src="./assets/vibekit-hero.png" />

### Run coding agents in a secure sandbox

A simple SDK for safely running Codex and Claude in your app or workflow.

---

[Website](https://vibekit.sh) • [Docs](https://docs.vibekit.sh) • [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/mhmJUTjW4b)

---
</div>

## 🧠 What is VibeKit?

VibeKit is an SDK for running powerful coding agents like **OpenAI Codex** or **Claude Code** in secure, customizable sandboxes. You can generate and execute real code safely, stream output to your UI, and run everything locally or in the cloud — with full isolation and flexibility.

One SDK. Any coding agent. Any sandbox.

## ⚡️ Features

🧠 Drop-in SDK for Codex and Claude Code  
🔒 Secure sandboxing for safe code execution  
🌐 Works locally or in the cloud  
🔁 GitHub automation: branches, commits, PRs  
💬 Prompt history and context continuity  
📡 Streamed output for real-time UIs  
🔍 OpenTelemetry support for tracing and metrics  
🧰 Compatible with any sandbox runtime

## 📦 Supported Sandbox Runtimes

Currently supports E2B with Daytona, Modal, Fly.io, and other providers coming soon.

## 🧪 Use Cases

Build internal debugging tools, ship AI-powered features, scaffold new ideas, automate repetitive coding tasks, and test LLM output safely in production or prototyping environments.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions welcome! Open an issue, start a discussion, or submit a pull request.

## 📄 License

MIT — see [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

© 2025 Superagent Technologies Inc.

Commit message:

Clarify that local sandbox support is upcoming

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<img width="700px" src="./assets/vibekit-hero.png" />

### Run coding agents in a secure sandbox

A simple SDK for safely running Codex and Claude in your app or workflow.

---

[Website](https://vibekit.sh) • [Docs](https://docs.vibekit.sh) • [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/mhmJUTjW4b)

---
</div>

## 🧠 What is VibeKit?

VibeKit is an SDK for running powerful coding agents like **OpenAI Codex** or **Claude Code** in secure, customizable sandboxes. You can generate and execute real code safely, stream output to your UI, and run everything in the cloud — with full isolation and flexibility. Local execution coming soon.

One SDK. Any coding agent. Any sandbox.

## ⚡️ Features

🧠 Drop-in SDK for Codex and Claude Code  
🔒 Secure sandboxing for safe code execution  
🌐 Cloud-based execution (local support coming soon)  
🔁 GitHub automation: branches, commits, PRs  
💬 Prompt history and context continuity  
📡 Streamed output for real-time UIs  
🔍 OpenTelemetry support for tracing and metrics  
🧰 Compatible with any sandbox runtime

## 📦 Supported Sandbox Runtimes

Currently supports E2B with Daytona, Modal, Fly.io, and other providers coming soon.

## 🧪 Use Cases

Build internal debugging tools, ship AI-powered features, scaffold new ideas, automate repetitive coding tasks, and test LLM output safely in production or prototyping environments.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions welcome! Open an issue, start a discussion, or submit a pull request.

## 📄 License

MIT — see [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

© 2025 Superagent Technologies Inc.
