docs/cli/overview.mdx, before:

---
title: CLI Overview
description: "Introduction to the VibeKit CLI - a secure middleware for headless and TUI coding agents"
---

## What is the VibeKit CLI?

The VibeKit CLI (`vibekit`) is a security and analytics middleware for existing coding agents like Claude Code CLI and Gemini CLI. It provides:

- 🔒 **Docker Security**: Agents run in isolated containers with no host system access
- 📊 **Logging & Analytics**: Capture all agent interactions and commands
- 🛡️ **Safe Sandboxing**: Complete isolation with resource limits and network restrictions
- 🔄 **Unified Interface**: Single CLI for multiple coding agents
- 📈 **Real-time Dashboard**: Monitor agent activity and performance
- 🌐 **Proxy Support**: Request/response logging and PII redaction

## Architecture

VibeKit CLI acts as a wrapper around existing coding agents:

1. **Agent Middleware** - Wraps Claude Code CLI, Gemini CLI, and others
2. **Sandbox Security** - Optional Docker containerization for complete isolation
3. **Analytics Engine** - Tracks usage, performance, and error patterns
4. **Proxy Server** - Logs and redacts sensitive data in API requests
5. **Dashboard Interface** - Web UI for monitoring and insights

## Quick Example

Here's how to use VibeKit CLI:

```bash
# Run Claude with security features
vibekit claude "Fix the bug in src/app.js"

# Run with Docker sandbox (maximum security)
vibekit claude --sandbox docker "Add user authentication"

# Run Gemini with network access
vibekit gemini --network "Create a web scraper"

# View logs and analytics
vibekit logs --agent claude --lines 100
vibekit analytics --days 7

# Open analytics dashboard
vibekit dashboard

# Manage Docker containers
vibekit docker --status
```

## Why Use the CLI?

### Security Benefits
- **Container Isolation**: Agents can't access your host system
- **Network Control**: Restrict or monitor network access
- **File Protection**: Protect your main project files from modifications
- **PII Redaction**: Automatically remove sensitive data from logs

### Analytics & Monitoring
- **Usage Tracking**: Monitor coding session duration and productivity
- **Error Analysis**: Identify common issues and failure patterns
- **Performance Metrics**: Analyze agent response times and success rates
- **Real-time Dashboard**: Live monitoring of agent activity

### Development Workflow
- **Easy Integration**: Drop-in replacement for existing agent commands
- **Sync Capabilities**: Sync changes back from sandbox to your project
- **Persistent Containers**: Reuse containers for faster startup
- **Global Aliases**: Use `claude` instead of `vibekit claude`

## CLI Structure

The VibeKit CLI provides these main commands:

### Agent Commands
- **`vibekit claude`** - Run Claude Code CLI with security and logging
- **`vibekit gemini`** - Run Gemini CLI with security and logging

### Management Commands
- **`vibekit logs`** - View agent logs and interactions
- **`vibekit analytics`** - View usage statistics and performance metrics
- **`vibekit dashboard`** - Start analytics dashboard

### Utility Commands
- **`vibekit sync`** - Sync changes from sandbox back to project
- **`vibekit docker`** - Manage Docker containers
- **`vibekit proxy`** - Manage proxy server
- **`vibekit clean`** - Clean logs, analytics, and Docker resources

## Next Steps

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="Installation" icon="download" href="/cli/installation" color="#888">
    Install the VibeKit CLI and set up your development environment
  </Card>
  <Card title="Quick Reference" icon="book" href="/cli/quick-reference" color="#888">
    Browse common commands and workflows
  </Card>
  <Card title="Configuration" icon="gear" href="/cli/configuration-files" color="#888">
    Learn how to configure settings and preferences
  </Card>
  <Card title="Environment Variables" icon="code" href="/cli/environment-variables" color="#888">
    Set up API keys and environment configuration
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## Support

- **GitHub Issues**: [github.com/superagent-ai/vibekit/issues](https://github.com/superagent-ai/vibekit/issues)
- **Discord Community**: [discord.gg/spZ7MnqFT4](https://discord.gg/spZ7MnqFT4)
- **Email**: ismail@superagent.sh

Commit message:

Remove the proxy from vibekit docs

docs/cli/overview.mdx, after:

---
title: CLI Overview
description: "Introduction to the VibeKit CLI - a secure middleware for headless and TUI coding agents"
---

## What is the VibeKit CLI?

The VibeKit CLI (`vibekit`) is a security and analytics middleware for existing coding agents like Claude Code CLI and Gemini CLI. It provides:

- 🔒 **Docker Security**: Agents run in isolated containers with no host system access
- 📊 **Logging & Analytics**: Capture all agent interactions and commands
- 🛡️ **Safe Sandboxing**: Complete isolation with resource limits and network restrictions
- 🔄 **Unified Interface**: Single CLI for multiple coding agents
- 📈 **Real-time Dashboard**: Monitor agent activity and performance
- 🔒 **Built-in Redaction**: Automatic PII and sensitive data removal

## Architecture

VibeKit CLI acts as a wrapper around existing coding agents:

1. **Agent Middleware** - Wraps Claude Code CLI, Gemini CLI, and others
2. **Sandbox Security** - Optional Docker containerization for complete isolation
3. **Analytics Engine** - Tracks usage, performance, and error patterns
4. **Redaction System** - Automatic sensitive data removal from outputs
5. **Dashboard Interface** - Web UI for monitoring and insights

## Quick Example

Here's how to use VibeKit CLI:

```bash
# Run Claude with security features
vibekit claude "Fix the bug in src/app.js"

# Run with Docker sandbox (maximum security)
vibekit claude --sandbox docker "Add user authentication"

# Run Gemini with network access
vibekit gemini --network "Create a web scraper"

# View logs and analytics
vibekit logs --agent claude --lines 100
vibekit analytics --days 7

# Open analytics dashboard
vibekit dashboard

# Manage Docker containers
vibekit docker --status
```

## Why Use the CLI?

### Security Benefits
- **Container Isolation**: Agents can't access your host system
- **Network Control**: Restrict or monitor network access
- **File Protection**: Protect your main project files from modifications
- **PII Redaction**: Automatically remove sensitive data from logs

### Analytics & Monitoring
- **Usage Tracking**: Monitor coding session duration and productivity
- **Error Analysis**: Identify common issues and failure patterns
- **Performance Metrics**: Analyze agent response times and success rates
- **Real-time Dashboard**: Live monitoring of agent activity

### Development Workflow
- **Easy Integration**: Drop-in replacement for existing agent commands
- **Sync Capabilities**: Sync changes back from sandbox to your project
- **Persistent Containers**: Reuse containers for faster startup
- **Global Aliases**: Use `claude` instead of `vibekit claude`

## CLI Structure

The VibeKit CLI provides these main commands:

### Agent Commands
- **`vibekit claude`** - Run Claude Code CLI with security and logging
- **`vibekit gemini`** - Run Gemini CLI with security and logging

### Management Commands
- **`vibekit logs`** - View agent logs and interactions
- **`vibekit analytics`** - View usage statistics and performance metrics
- **`vibekit dashboard`** - Start analytics dashboard

### Utility Commands
- **`vibekit sync`** - Sync changes from sandbox back to project
- **`vibekit docker`** - Manage Docker containers
- **`vibekit clean`** - Clean logs, analytics, and Docker resources

## Next Steps

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="Installation" icon="download" href="/cli/installation" color="#888">
    Install the VibeKit CLI and set up your development environment
  </Card>
  <Card title="Quick Reference" icon="book" href="/cli/quick-reference" color="#888">
    Browse common commands and workflows
  </Card>
  <Card title="Configuration" icon="gear" href="/cli/configuration-files" color="#888">
    Learn how to configure settings and preferences
  </Card>
  <Card title="Environment Variables" icon="code" href="/cli/environment-variables" color="#888">
    Set up API keys and environment configuration
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## Support

- **GitHub Issues**: [github.com/superagent-ai/vibekit/issues](https://github.com/superagent-ai/vibekit/issues)
- **Discord Community**: [discord.gg/spZ7MnqFT4](https://discord.gg/spZ7MnqFT4)
- **Email**: ismail@superagent.sh
